hey guys um today I'm going to show you
how to make a BMX get a BMX bike out of
Lego and so yeah let's get started so
you're going to need you're gonna you're
going to need two of these pieces to UM
two pegs to these pegs three of these it
doesn't doesn't matter what color four
of these um you're going to need two of
these one one of these these are about
that long well as you can see they're
about that long um one five Technic
piece up and two of these pieces yeah I
got my brothers and sisters crowding
around me I that's my brother um so this
is what you'll need one of these rubber
pieces that also you can use for the
pegs two two of these types of wheels
that's my stepsister she's really weird
cluttered and big
don't touch them okay then there you'll
need three of these one of these long
and two of these so let's get started
we're going to take this right so that's
going to be your body okay now just make
the wheels we're going to take what I
need eat this
this this uh and one of these do okay so
let's get started so we're going to take
the wheel I'm going to take the wheel up
and we're gonna oh I forgot
you also need one of these hey yo my
burgers we're going to take the bat peg
you're going to stick it in and you're
going to get this white thing and put it
in take the peg and put it in and you're
going to take this piece put it in and
take this piece put it on cart so that's
the first wheel you're going to do the
same thing again so you're going to do
the same thing again one of these out of
these um one of these okay I packed it
so just do the same thing again yes hey
Parker all you're gonna be a pirate cool
so just do the same thing over again
again take the wheel put that in put
that in no time hey just a peg in funny
Rogers vinyl techy and you're going to
put that on
put that on one put that now the reason
why I'm not using that part yet because
they're both different they all have
different purposes now you're going to
take the body I'm going to take the two
packs of wheels that you made and turn
it off okay and then don't listen to
that and then you're going to take this
piece I'm going to get this thing again
I'm going to take these you're going to
need here I'll show you the pieces in a
minute so you're going to need those
those pieces goes to one of these again
these well two of those and two of these
sorry if you guys can't see anything
oh and also you'll need that so we're
going to put that on there and we're
going to stick to these yep oh we're
going to stick those two yellow things
right here
oh maybe you don't need you don't need
this blue piece sorry um I'm going to
take up wait
oh you'll need that piece sorry guys I'm
gonna stick that piece through that's
what it should look like so far um
then you're going to take these two
pieces these two things uh put them on
as long as you all know yeah I know and
then leave those okay any of that you
won't need this until unit then we're
going to stick these and the white parts
hmm like that okay now we're going to
take this piece I'm just going to put it
on then you're going to take one of the
wheels and just stick it on on the stick
like that okay
okay next part you need one of the
rubber things and two of these blue
pieces oh hi boys
yep that blue piece I'll tell you in a
minute that's actually for the deal now
as you see there's four holes left and
you're going to you're going to stick it
in the second hole close to the bar and
you're going to stick two of them right
there as possible and then you're going
to stick this black rubber thing on as
the the seat um then you're going to
stick that in there like that and you're
going to take the other wheel and you're
just going to put it on up there's your
BMX bike that's what it looks like yeah
that's your BMX bike you can do some
tricks with it yeah so that's my BMX
bike and I hope you guys like it yeah
some kind of an subscribe
yep